test: add encryptionAtRest config in capi-quick-start (#659)
nutanix-cloud-native/cluster-api-runtime-extensions-nutanix: docs/content/customization/generic/encryption-at-rest.md

+++
title = "Encryption At REST"
+++

`encryptionAtRest` variable enables encrypting kubernetes resources at REST using provided encryption provider.
When this variable is set, kuberntetes secrets and configmaps are encrypted before writing them at `etcd`.

If the `encryptionAtRest` property is not specified, then
the customization will be skipped. The secrets and configmaps will not be stored as encrypted in `etcd`.

We support following encryption providers

- aescbc
- secretbox

More information about encryption at REST: [Encrypting Confidential Data at Rest
](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/encrypt-data/)

> 

Reviewer: Let's add some details about the key generation, otherwise a user might not understand how a key is provided to the encryption config.

Author: added details: https://github.com/nutanix-cloud-native/cluster-api-runtime-extensions-nutanix/pull/659/commits/4046a9400ec03420fa98ea7f6da8ac8c3f996d9d

## Example

To encrypt configmaps and secrets for using `aescbc` and `secretbox` encryption providers:

```yaml
apiVersion: cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Cluster
metadata:
  name: <NAME>
spec:
  topology:
    variables:
      - name: clusterConfig
        value:
          encryptionAtRest:
            providers:
              - aescbc: {}

>               - secretbox: {}

Reviewer: Only one of these will usually be used, right? Let's update the example to highlight that.

Author: I forgot to revert this after adding validation. thanks for spotting it.

+++

> title = "Encryption At REST"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title = "Encryption At Rest"
```

+++

> `encryptionAtRest` variable enables encrypting kubernetes resources at REST using provided encryption provider.
> When this variable is set, kuberntetes `secrets` and `configmap`s are encrypted before writing them at `etcd`.
> 
> If the `encryptionAtRest` property is not specified, then
> the customization will be skipped. The `secrets` and `configmaps` will not be stored as encrypted in `etcd`.
> 
> We support following encryption providers
> 
> - aescbc
> - secretbox
> 
> More information about encryption at REST: [Encrypting Confidential Data at Rest
> ](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/encrypt-data/)
> 

Reviewer 2: REST makes me think of "REST API", https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/encrypt-data/
```suggestion
`encryptionAtRest` variable enables encrypting kubernetes resources at rest using provided encryption provider.
When this variable is set, kuberntetes `secrets` and `configmap`s are encrypted before writing them at `etcd`.

If the `encryptionAtRest` property is not specified, then
the customization will be skipped. The `secrets` and `configmaps` will not be stored as encrypted in `etcd`.

We support following encryption providers

- aescbc
- secretbox

More information about encryption at-rest: [Encrypting Confidential Data at Rest
](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/encrypt-data/)

```

Reviewer 3: We support following encryption providers

The following providers are supported:

## Example

To encrypt `configmaps` and `secrets` kubernetes resources using `aescbc` encryption provider:

```yaml
apiVersion: cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Cluster
metadata:
  name: <NAME>
spec:
  topology:
    variables:
      - name: clusterConfig
        value:
          encryptionAtRest:
            providers:
              - aescbc: {}
```

Applying this configuration will result in

1. `<CLUSTER_NAME>-encryption-config` secret generated.

  A secret key for the encryption provider is generated and stored in `<CLUSTER_NAME>-encryption-config` secret.
  The APIServer will be configured to use the secret key to encrypt `secrets` and
   `configmaps` kubernetes resources before writing them to etcd.
  When reading resources from `etcd`, encryption provider that matches the stored data attempts in order to decrypt the data.

>   We currently do not rotate the key once it generated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  CAREN currently does not rotate the key once it generated.
```
